Size Constraints (#405)
cloudevents/spec: spec.md

* Constraints:
  * OPTIONAL

> # Size Constraints

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Size Guarantee
```

> # Size Constraints

Reviewer: The suggestion above is still valid.

In many scenarios, CloudEvents will be forwarded through generic middleware,
and potentially even via multiple routing hops. CloudEvents might also be
routed to consumers, like embedded devices, that are very memory-constrained.

To ensure interoperability for such scenarios, CloudEvents publishers SHOULD
avoid embedding large data items into event payloads and rather use the event
payload to point to such data items. This also allows for a broader distribution
of events, because the referenced external data items allow for differentiated
access control to sensitive details.

> The overall wire-size of a published event SHOULD NOT exceed 64 KByte. This

Reviewer 2: Can we re-word this more along the lines of _"... CloudEvent intermediaries MUST be capable of transporting and delivering CloudEvents with a wire-size of 64 KByte.." - we're not looking to limit the size and i believe SHOULD NOT is a bit of a strong statement.

> The overall wire-size of a published event SHOULD NOT exceed 64 KByte. This

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CloudEvent intermediaries MUST be capable of transporting and delivering CloudEvents with a wire-size of 64 KByte.
```
(Jems suggestion)
```suggestion
All CloudEvent consumers SHOULD accept events with an overall wire-size of 64 KByte.
```
Sounds similar to my PR.

> The overall wire-size of a published event SHOULD NOT exceed 64 KByte. This

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CloudEvent intermediaries MUST be capable of transporting and delivering CloudEvents with a wire-size of 64 KByte.
```
(Jems suggestion)
```suggestion
All CloudEvent consumers SHOULD accept events with an overall wire-size of 64 KByte.
```
Sounds similar to my PR.

includes the frame-metadata of the chosen transport and all event metadata and
event data, regardless of encoding. 

If an application configuration requires for events to be routed across different
transports or for events to be re-encoded, the least efficient transport and
encoding for an event used by the application SHOULD be considered for
compliance with this size constraint.

> A consumer or intermediaries MAY refuse to accept events that exceed an

Reviewer 2: s/intermediaries/intermediary/

  Transport level security SHOULD be employed to ensure the trusted and secure
  exchange of CloudEvents.

# Size Constraints

In many scenarios, CloudEvents will be forwarded through one or more
generic intermediaries, each of which might impose limits on the size of
forwarded events. CloudEvents might also be routed to consumers, like
embedded devices, that are storage or memory-constrained and therefore
would struggle with large singular events.

The "size of an event" is it's wire-size, and includes every bit that is
transmitted on the wire for the event: transport frame-metadata, event
metadata, and event data, based on the chosen event format and the chosen
protocol binding.

If an application configuration requires for events to be routed across
different transports or for events to be re-encoded, the least efficient
transport and encoding used by the application SHOULD be considered for
compliance with these size constraints:

> - Publishers SHOULD NOT publish events exceeding a size of 64 KByte.

Reviewer: This line should be removed.

- Constraints:
  - OPTIONAL

# Size Limits

In many scenarios, CloudEvents will be forwarded through one or more
generic intermediaries, each of which might impose limits on the size of
forwarded events. CloudEvents might also be routed to consumers, like
embedded devices, that are storage or memory-constrained and therefore
would struggle with large singular events.

> The "size of an event" is it's wire-size, and includes every bit that is

Reviewer 3: NIT: I believe `size` is the term here.  I think only that should be quoted.

transmitted on the wire for the event: transport frame-metadata, event
metadata, and event data, based on the chosen event format and the chosen
protocol binding.

If an application configuration requires for events to be routed across
different transports or for events to be re-encoded, the least efficient
transport and encoding used by the application SHOULD be considered for
compliance with these size constraints:

> - Intermediaries MUST forward events of a size of at least 64 KByte.

Reviewer 3: Although I believe I understand your intent, this technically only creates a requirement for events of "at least 64 KByte" or in other words, events with a size that is 64KB or more.  As such, as written it doesn't discuss events of the smaller size but worse, it specifies that all events 64KB or **larger** MUST be forwarded by intermediaries.

Reviewer 4: @erikerikson can you suggest some alternate wording?

Reviewer 3: My original recommendation was offered in a previous [comment] (https://github.com/cloudevents/spec/pull/405#discussion_r268255924) but new framing has been developed which is good.  I'll attempt to make a suggestion in the next few days.

Reviewer 4: `.... of a size of 64 KBytes or less.`

- Consumers SHOULD accept events of a size of at least 64 KByte.

> In effect, these rules will allow events of up to 64 KByte to be published

Reviewer 3: Consider `In effect, these rules will allow producers to publish events up to 64KB in size safely.  Safely here means that it is generally reasonable to expect the event to be accepted and retransmitted by all intermediaries.`
